# 05 Prove Design

It's shopping time! Let's see if you can get some good deals at the mall.
Which store would like to shop at: BATH AND BODY WORKS, PACSUN, or APPLE?

BBW
You enter the store and are blown away by the amazing scented products. There are so many
options. Do you buy LOTION or CANDLES?

	LOTION
	It looks like they have some new fragrances! Would you like to purchase a NEW scent
	or a CLASSIC scent?
		NEW
		Good thing you chose the new scents, because the sale on these is buy 2 get 
		1 free!! Would you like to take advantage of this offer? YES or NO?
			YES
			Congratulations! You got the best deal at Bath and Body Works!
			NO
			That's too bad that you didn't take advantage of the amazing
			promotion going on...
		CLASSIC
		There are so many great classic scents available! Too bad they aren't on 
		sale today. How about trying somewhere else for a good deal...
	CANDLES
	Candles are a great gift for your friends and family, especially for this cold	
	winter season! And you are lucky that there is a promotion happening now for the
	candles! If you buy 5 candles, you get 50% off your order! How many candles will 	
	you purchase?
		IF >=5
		Yay! You got a great deal here!
		IF <5
		You didn't buy enough candles, so you weren't eligible for the discount...
PACSUN
You enter the store and are greeted with the new winter clothing line! There are so many 
cozy clothes you could buy! Which do you want to purchase: COAT or JEANS?
	COAT
	You take a look at a few racks filled with coats that are puffy, fluffy, long, and
	short. There is a sale depending on which kind of coat you buy! Do you
	choose a PUFFY, FLUFFY, LONG, or SHORT coat?
		FLUFFY
		Wow you got lucky! Today's sale is fluffy coats so you can dress like a 
		teddy bear. So cute!
		PUFFY, LONG, SHORT
		Sorry, these coats aren't discounted today. Maybe try another type?
	JEANS
	A good pair of jeans is essential for winter! There are so many different styles and
	colors. All jeans are on sale depending on how many you purchase. How many pairs
	of jeans would you like to buy?
		IF >1
		Looks like you got the deal! It is buy 1 get 1 50% off. Congratulations!
		IF <1
		Sorry, the promotion is for those who purchase 2 or more pairs of jeans.
		I hope you found a good pair, though...
APPLE
Here is the glorious Apple store. You see rows and rows of slick products that you want to
try out. There are watches, iPads, iPhones, laptops, and Airpods. Sadly, it doesn't seem
like you have enough money to purchase them all today, so let's choose just one item:
WATCH or AIRPODS?
	WATCH
	Look at all of those nice watches. The newer models have more health tracking features, 
	but the older models are more basic and less expensive. Which model would you
	like to purchase: 7 or SE?
		7
		Wow you bought the newest model! Too bad it wasn't on sale today. 
		SE
		Today is your lucky day! This basic model happened to have a $100 discount 
		attached to it! You walked out with a great deal!
	AIRPODS
	Time to get some new bluetooth headphones. You head to another section of the store and
	see a few different models of Airpods. Do you go with the REGULAR, PRO, or MAX?
		REGULAR
		The 1st and 2nd generation models happened to have a discount today! Good choice!
		PRO
		The pros are the perfect choice for everyday wear. It's a shame they 
		didn't have a discount today...
		MAX
		The Airpods Max are perfect for noise cancellation, but not for the price. Sorry,
		you didn't get any promotion today for this model...

		